What kind of technology platform is Armonia?
============================================

Armonia is composed of the mother chain (Armonia Meta Chain) and other
isomorphic or heterogeneous child chains (Armonia Child Chain).
Efficient bidirectional cross-chain of assets is realized between mother
chain and child chains as well as among the child chains, forming a
mother-child multi-chain technology platform.

.. _armonia-is-a-multi-chain-platform-how-is-the-mother-chain-designed:

Armonia is a multi-chain platform. How is the mother chain designed?
====================================================================

Armonia Meta Chain adopts APoS consensus mechanism and WASM virtual
machine and is designed with low transaction model and unique account
model.

How are the child chains of Armonia designed?
=============================================

Armonia's child chains are quickly constructed from the provided L0 SDK,
which can be isomorphic or heterogeneous with the mother chain. Other
independent public chains such as Bitcoin can also be integrated into
child chains, forming a multi-chain architecture altogether.

Regarding the multi-chain hierarchical structure used by Armonia, how to realize interconnection between chains?
================================================================================================================

Armonia provides L0-base as a general transaction routing module, which
can quickly identify and process running nodes of a single chain.

In Armonia's multi-chain ecosystem, what are the possible application scenarios that can be built through the mother chain?
===========================================================================================================================

Assets in various ecosystems can be issued, transferred, traded, and
exchanged quickly. Incentive mining pools for ecosystem development
will be built. Mother chain accounts support kyc/kyb and upper-layer 
applications with regulatory requirements.

In the Armonia multi-chain ecosystem, what are the possible application scenarios that can be constructed through child chains?
===============================================================================================================================

Realize a high-performance, low-latency decentralized exchange; 
implement a quiz-type application platform; provide various chain games, NFTs and Metaverse, etc.

What are the total design amount and management mechanism of the mother chain at present?
========================================================================================

The mother chain is currently designed with a total of 1,000,000,000 tokens governed by DAO and adopts an ecosystem destruction mechanism.

What is the framework of APOS (Armonia DPOS) as the mother chain consensus mechanism?
=====================================================================================

The framework divides nodes into main nodes and backup nodes which mine main blocks
and backup blocks respectively; one main and one backup interweave with each other to increase yields.

Why can the double-chain structure of one main and one backup increase revenue?
===============================================================================

One master and one backup chains can support 10,021 nodes to participate in mining, 
and each additional backup chain can add 10,000 backup chain mining nodes.

The rewards generated by the node operation in Armonia are managed and decided by DAO. When will the additional rewards be issued?
==================================================================================================================================

The blocks dug out in the first year of Armonia's creation did not have additional 
issuance rewards. In the second year, with the start of node voting, after reaching 
a certain pledge ratio, each mined block will have additional issuance rewards.

What is the difference between Armonia's mother chain account system and accounts on other public chains?
=========================================================================================================

The Armonia mother chain account adopts the account model instead of the address 
identification. The user sets the account name and binds one or more public keys.

What are the characteristics of Armonia's first child chain?
============================================================

Cross-chain from the mother chain, using the high-performance virtual machine EVM. 
Blocks are generated in 3 seconds, and the native token $AMAX will be used as the gas consumed by the transaction.

In Armonia's multi-chain ecosystem, why is cross-chain critical?
================================================================

Cross-chain not only increases the liquidity and utility of assets, but also meets all the needs of users’ assets in the ecosystem.

To achieve a safe, reliable and efficient cross-chain, there could be many problems. How does Armonia solve them?
=================================================================================================================

In simple terms, it is to achieve universal cross-chain and meet the cross-chain 
needs of each chain, not to formulate different cross-chain solutions for different chains.

As the native token $AMAX issued on the mother chain, in addition of being the operational assets used by the mother chain, can it be used by child chains to operate?
======================================================================================================================================================================

Absolutely. Armonia child chains will also adopt $AMAX as the native token required to operate.

How is the total amount of the native token $AMAX distributed?
==============================================================

10% is used for the foundation, 15% is used for market fundraising, and 75% is used for 
various types of mining in ecosystem construction, that is, mining of all things.

In the ecosystem construction of Armonia, what is the mining of all things?
===========================================================================

Anything that contributes and adds value to Armonia's ecosystem construction 
is called mining of all things and can obtain corresponding income incentives.

In the current Armonia ecosystem construction, what mining methods exist and what are the distribution ratios?
==============================================================================================================

Mining in the early stage of public chain construction accounts for 15%, mining in later stage
of public chain construction accounts for 15%, main node mining accounts for 5%, backup node 
mining accounts for 5%, and Web3.0 mining accounts for 10%, ecosystem construction mining accounts for 25%.

Goal planning for Web3.0 construction and how to support it?
============================================================

It is intended that many centralized Internet basic services can be provided 
in a decentralized manner, and the token $AMAX is used to support the settlement and incentives of these basic services.

What are the basic DAOs in Armonia?
===================================

There are developer DAOs, node DAOs, AMAX token DAOs, and mining of all things.

What is the current plan of Armonia's basic technical route?
============================================================

Gradually from the completion of the deployment of v1.0 to the realization of the 
ecosystem opening of v2.0, and then to v3.0 to quickly building multiple chains within the ecosystem, 
after the realization of v3.0, it will be fully driven and governed by the developer DAO.

Is the consensus mechanisms of the mother chain and child chains the same in Armonia?
=====================================================================================

APOS is the consensus mechanism of the mother chain, while PoSA is the consensus mechanism of the EVA child chains.

Why does Armoina adopt a 12-character-account naming requirement?
=================================================================

As the mother chain of Armonia multi-chain system, Armonia meta chain adopts 12 characters 
(A-Z, 1-5) as the naming rule of user account. This design is to make the account name easy 
to remember and spread, without inputting or passing the address of 26 to 42 characters used 
by public chains such as BTC / ETH, and it allows users to customize the account name to meet 
the personalized needs of social (including anonymous social). This convenient design will not 
reduce the security of Armonia meta chain. The security of public chain interaction derives 
from the length of the user's private key and the randomness of generation. In the process of 
creating an account, APLink wallet adopts the BIP-44 protocol standard and the biometric digital 
security of the wallet itself to protect the security of private key storage. Therefore, users 
can use it without concern. In addition, more personalized naming requirements, such as choosing 
a name with less than 12 characters, are likely to be met after the core team of Armonia meta 
chain releases the decentralized account name auction function. Moreover, according to Armonia's 
whitepaper, the length of the account name and the supported character types are expected to be 
expanded in public chain 2.0 to support more personalized requirements.


Why does Armonia account activation need users to purchase RAM and stake CPU and network resources?
===================================================================================================

As the mother chain of Armonia multi-chain system, Armonia meta chain has the characteristics of high 
performance, low cost and high security. Therefore, Armonia adopts the resource purchase and resource staking 
model instead of Gas model to realize the ecosystem value of AMAX and prevent sybil attack and dust attack. 
The resources include memory (RAM), computing (CPU) and network (NET). All the transactions made on Armonia 
public chain are due to the function run by a smart contract. According to the implementation requirements of 
the smart contract, different transactions require RAM and satisfaction of the usage requirements of CPU and NET. 
The RAM cost cannot be recovered directly, but the CPU and NET costs recover their original share after the 
transaction is successfully executed. This design provides DAPP, smart contract developers and managers with 
the choice to help users pay RAM, and users can enjoy the transaction with zero Gas fee. Of course, smart 
contract developers may also choose to require users to ensure that they have enough AMAX in their accounts 
to pay for the RAM required for transactions. Similarly, the activation of user accounts involves the cost 
of these three resources. Users with AMAX tokens must pay a certain amount of AMAX to activate a new account. 
After receiving the AMAX transferred from others, a new account may also need to purchase and stake more AMAX 
to obtain the resources required to make other transactions.

